[uss_qualifier/scenarios/astm/netrid] Enhance check for NET0490 (min distance + enclosed flight) (#121)
interuss/monitoring: monitoring/uss_qualifier/scenarios/astm/netrid/v19/nominal_behavior.md

**[astm.f3411.v19.NET0430](../../../../requirements/astm/f3411/v19.md)** require that a NetRID Display Provider reject a request for a very large view area with a diagonal greater than *NetMaxDisplayAreaDiagonal*.  If such a large view is requested and a 413 error code is not received, then this check will fail.

#### Minimum obfuscation distance check

For a display area with a diagonal greater than *NetDetailsMaxDisplayAreaDiagonal* and less than *NetMaxDisplayAreaDiagonal*, **[astm.f3411.v19.NET0490](../../../../requirements/astm/f3411/v19.md)** requires that a Display provider shall obfuscate individual UAs within a cluster.

> If a cluster with a single flight has a distance to its edge smaller than *NetMinObfuscationDistance*, this test will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a cluster with a single flight has a width or height smaller than 2 * *NetMinObfuscationDistance* (meaning that the USS did not buffer the single point by *NetMinObfuscationDistance* in all directions when forming the cluster bounds), this test will fail.
```

And also, this should apply to clusters with more than one flight too -- if there is a cluster with 3 flights, then:

"If a cluster has a width smaller than (width of actual bounds of contained flights) + 2 * *NetMinObfuscationDistance* or a height smaller than (height of actual bounds of contained flights) + 2 * *NetMinObfuscationDistance* (meaning that the USS did not buffer the single point by *NetMinObfuscationDistance* in all directions when forming the cluster bounds), this test will fail"

Author: > And also, this should apply to clusters with more than one flight too 

Ah OK, I interpreted the opposite from the wording of the standard. I will modify accordingly then.

**[astm.f3411.v19.NET0430](../../../../requirements/astm/f3411/v19.md)** require that a NetRID Display Provider reject a request for a very large view area with a diagonal greater than *NetMaxDisplayAreaDiagonal*.  If such a large view is requested and a 413 error code is not received, then this check will fail.

#### Minimum obfuscation distance check

For a display area with a diagonal greater than *NetDetailsMaxDisplayAreaDiagonal* and less than *NetMaxDisplayAreaDiagonal*, **[astm.f3411.v19.NET0490](../../../../requirements/astm/f3411/v19.md)** requires that a Display provider shall obfuscate individual UAs within a cluster.
If a cluster with a single flight has a width or height smaller than 2 * *NetMinObfuscationDistance* (meaning that the USS did not buffer the single point by *NetMinObfuscationDistance* in all directions when forming the cluster bounds), this test will fail.

> If a cluster with more than a single flight has a width or height smaller than 2 * *NetMinObfuscationDistance*, this test will fail as well. A larger width or height might still be incorrect, but the test cannot at the moment determine this.

Reviewer: Sorry, I think my previous suggestion was probably not great -- NET0490 is for obfuscating a single flight whereas NET0480 is for multiple flights.  So, I think the algorithm is good, but we would probably want separate defined checks since failure for 1 flight would result in violation of a different requirement than failure for multiple flights.  We don't need to include everything immediately (can define other things later).

So: I think failing a check with more than a single flight wouldn't be linked to NET0490.

Author: Now split in two different checks.
